Product Information

Take Total Camera Control — Camera Control gives you an easier way to quickly access camera tools, like zoom or depth of field, so you can take the perfect shot in record time.

Get Further And Closer — The improved Ultra Wide camera with autofocus lets you take incredibly detailed macro photos and videos. Use the 48MP Fusion camera for stunning high-resolution images, or zoom in with the 2x optical-quality Telephoto.

Photographic Styles — The latest-generation Photographic Styles give you greater creative flexibility, so you can make every photo even more you. And you can reverse any of those styles anytime you want.

Supersmart A18 Chip — A18 jumps two generations ahead of the A16 Bionic chip in iPhone 15. It powers advanced photo and video features, and console-level gaming, with exceptional power efficiency.

Longer Battery Life — iPhone 16 Plus works together with the A18 chip to deliver a big boost in battery life with up to 27 hours video playback. Charge via USB-C or snap on a MagSafe charger for faster wireless charging.

Designed To Last — iPhone 16 Plus has a sturdy, aerospace-grade aluminium design with a 6.7-inch Super Retina XDR display. It’s remarkably durable with the latest-generation Ceramic Shield front that’s 2x tougher than any smartphone glass.

Meet The Action Button—A fast track to your favorite feature. Just press and hold to launch the action you want—the flashlight, a voice memo, Silent mode, and more.

Customise Your iPhone — With iOS 18, you can tint your Home Screen icons with any colour. Find your favourite shots faster in the redesigned Photos app. And add playful, animated effects to any word, phrase or emoji in iMessage.

Vital Safety Features— With Crash Detection, iPhone can detect a serious car crash and call for help if you can't.

Note:
UK English support available December 2024. Some features and additional languages will be coming over the course of the next year.
Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/batteries for more information.
Accessories sold separately.
The displays have rounded corners. When measured as a rectangle, the screen is 6.12 inches (iPhone 16), 6.69 inches (iPhone 16 Plus), 6.27 inches (iPhone 16 Pro) or 6.86 inches (iPhone 16 Pro Max) diagonally. Actual viewable area is less.
Some features may not be available in all countries or all areas.
iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro can detect a serious car crash and call for help. Requires a mobile data connection or Wi-Fi calling.
